Add doc for some tips on floatingip settings (#148)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-openstack: docs/deployertips.md

> Tips for deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Required Configuration
```

===============

> ## Floating ip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Floating IP
```

1. You need create a floating ip before deployer through clusterctl tool.

>    For example, ``openstack floating ip create <public_net>`` to create a floating ip, e.g:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, you can run `openstack floating ip create <network>` to create a floating IP, e.g.:
```

   ```bash

>    +--------------------------------------+------------------+---------------------+---------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ openstack floating ip create public
   +--------------------------------------+------------------+---------------------+---------+
```

   | id                                   | fixed_ip_address | floating_ip_address | port_id |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------+---------------------+---------+
   | aeefa79a-0e76-4c14-9da7-e5a9a6cc3787 |                  | 172.17.0.117        |         |
   +--------------------------------------+------------------+---------------------+---------+
   ```

1. You must the ip into ``examples/openstack/<os>/out/machines.yaml`` master's configuration,

>    sample below as an example by using above floating ip, otherwise, the ssh from deployer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    the new created master will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g.: 
```
